c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\MvcApplication5.dll.config
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\MvcApplication5.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\MvcApplication5.pdb
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.RuntimeTelemetry.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.Web.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.RuntimeTelemetry.pdb
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.RuntimeTelemetry.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.Web.pdb
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.Web.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\obj\Debug\MvcApplication5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\obj\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\obj\Debug\MvcApplication5.dll
c:\users\brandon\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication5\MvcApplication5\obj\Debug\MvcApplication5.pdb
